---
title: The Start
author: cqawam
categories: [Getting Started]
tags: [getting started]
pin: true
image: images/thestart.jpg
---

<h4 style="text-align: center;"><b>"Many a mickle makes a muckle."</b></h4>

## A journey of a thousand miles.

Hey! My name is Qawam Musiliu and I'm a security analyst, engineer, and even maybe a researcher (my friend told me, "Fake it till you make it"). 

Secure Scribe is my initiative to document my learning experience, share exciting projects, and interact with the security community. The focus will be on incident response, malware analysis, and detection engineering. I draw the inspiration to begin writing from [Alexandre Borges](https://exploitreversing.com/author/exploitreversing/){:target="_blank"}. 


## On the Road to Damascus
Below is the planned contents for the blog:

1. Active Directory Exploitation and Security Monitoring
  - [GOAD Setup](https://cqawam.github.io/posts/GOAD/){:target="_blank"}
  - [ELK SIEM Configuration](https://cqawam.github.io/posts/ELK/){:target="_blank"}
  - [Active Directory Audit Policy and Log Collection](https://cqawam.github.io/posts/AD_Audit/){:target="_blank"}
  - Suricata IDS/IPS
  - Active Directory Exploitation
  - Continuous Security Monitoring
2. Incident Response Series
  - Windows System Forensics 
  - Memory Forensics
  - Network Forensics
  - Linux System Forensics 
3. Malware Analysis Series
  - Document Analysis 
  - Network Traffic Analysis
  - Malware Reverse Engineering 
4. Detection Engineering and Threat Hunting


## Light Out
I would greatly appreciate any feedback on my posts. Feel free to reach out for any reason—questions, comments, or to connect. Happy reading, and let's keep learning together!

